[Music]
what a wonderful feeling when you know
that tomorrow is your day off and you
don't have to go anywhere but stop and
think what if all the people on the
planet quit working and everyone took a
day off at the same time
sounds cool but I'd sure wouldn't lead
to anything good okay so you wake up in
the morning after a good night's sleep
the alarm didn't go off because you
don't have to go anywhere you're in a
good mood and ready to take a shower so
you turn the handle and dirty water
comes flowing out the water stops with a
clunk and then bursts out with such
intense pressure that your faucet breaks
somehow you managed to stop a small
flood you go to the kitchen to make tea
but you can't heat the water in the
kettle because the gas and electricity
are disconnected you can't even warm up
food to make breakfast cereal is out of
the question - the milk went bad along
with everything else in the fridge the
fact is that there's no one to regulate
the filtration and pressure of the water
unclean water flows unevenly through
city pipes which means that in some
houses it destroys the plumbing well in
others there's no water at all also the
entire sewage system is backed up and
spills out of the manholes but no one
cares about it because no services are
working the same goes for electricity
short circuits and power outages are
widespread throughout the city this
prompts everyone to conserve the
batteries in their gadgets because
charging is almost impossible so you
take out the garbage and throw it in a
huge heap you notice all the trash cans
are full and there are more and more
such piles every minute throughout the
city without anyone working in waste
management it piles up quickly one
person produces three pounds of garbage
a day so you could estimate that about
seven million tons of trash will
accumulate on the streets without many
other options you decide to spend some
time with friends but your texts won't
go through because the internet and all
the cell towers are down basically
leaving all of humanity
without communication with no internet
you're bored but it's decent outside so
you decide to have a picnic
the roads are free since no one's on
their way to work but you need to be
careful when driving the traffic lights
don't work either you stop by the store
to buy everything you need for your
picnic but today all the supermarkets
are closed the production of everything
has come to a standstill all over the
world hospitals fire departments and
police forces aren't working people will
have to stay overnight at train stations
and airports they won't be able to get
home
fortunately you haven't gone anywhere
and are in your hometown by the evening
people have gathered outside but they
have no idea what to do all the
entertainment venues are closed this has
pluses you'll save some money but
speaking of that the whole world's money
circulation has stopped for the day the
planets economy is frozen and all
financial institutions have lost a day
of revenue but don't worry there won't
be an economic collapse the stock market
won't go down
it's just paralyzed because of the lack
of communication and activity no one's
selling or buying shares and
transferring currencies at least not
today city lights neon signs shop
windows are all off all the nightclubs
are closed by this time most mobile
gadgets are completely out of juice so
more and more people are taking to the
streets and what do most people like to
do in the evening on a day off have fun
the whole city start to party outside
roads are liquid bonfires and cars
headlights instead of speakers bombings
people use acoustic guitars
drum sets and their own voices yes
parties in the 19th century looks
something like this but sooner or later
any fun ends the next day the whole
planet suffers from the consequences of
the previous 24 hours long lines and
supermarkets crowds of people in the
subway crowded hospitals traffic jams on
the roads many companies and banks have
lost billions of dollars and are trying
to cope with the economic crisis on set
but the worst part is that your internet
service providers still aren't working
because the network operators are trying
to restore the web throughout the next
week all city workers will put in seven
days of work to make up for the
consequences of everyone's day off this
happens to all of us after a good rest a
tiring resumption of the working rhythm
but in our case it happens on a
planetary scale
unfortunately it'd be nearly impossible
for all people to stop working at once
after all each of us is driven by the
instinct of self-preservation and in
order to maintain a normal standard of
living a person needs to work even our
ancestors worked all day hunting
mammoths to feed their families now
we're sitting in offices to get paid but
we can say for sure that people have
begun to work much less than they used
to automation is growing daily and
people are increasingly replaced by
robots and artificial intelligence
according to a study by American
economists by 2033 jobs will be reduced
by 47% in the United States the World
Bank estimates that in China this
percentage will reach 77% soon roads
will be filled with unmanned vehicles
airplanes won't need pilots and ships
won't need captains future 3d printers
are even capable of reproducing food in
the Chinese city of Harbin there's a
restaurant where the entire staff of
waiters dishwashers and cooks are robots
in the near future when ordering pizza
you'll communicate with artificial
intelligence the pizza will be prepared
on a printer and delivery will be
carried out by drones
but don't worry with the development of
technology new professions will appear
also robots and artificial intelligence
could never replace human creativity but
what if a person doesn't just stop
working but stops reading work in the
world experiments with basic income have
been conducted several times this is
when the state gives people a certain
amount of money per month freeing them
from the need to go to a job they don't
like the concept of Labor would
radically change people would stop
working for money they would start
working for gratification in two cities
of Namibia South Africa Ouma Tara and
OSHA Vera a program like this lasted for
two years under which the residents of
these cities received 100 million
dollars a month which is about eight
dollars in the u.s.
a study after this program showed that
the number of poor citizens in the
country decreased and overall the
quality of life improved similar
programmes were conducted in Brazil
India Canada and the United States and
everywhere they ended with a positive
result
but if basic income were applied to all
of humanity wouldn't people become lazy
opinions are divided almost all people
work for money in order to feed
themselves and their families in other
words everyone works out of fear of
being poor and hungry but if a person
isn't afraid of a lack of money then
they'll be more creative and productive
this conclusion was reached by some
scientists who studied basic income but
what will happen with the professions
that not many people want to work in
for example garbage collection well this
is where automation and replacing people
with robots come to the rescue
despite the perfect idea of basic income
many experts consider such a program to
be detrimental to humanity along with
useful technologies the entertainment
industry is developing VR video games
interactive series we just want to work
for gratification when at anytime you
could put on a V
said and be in a magical world of
pleasure and adventure yes this is the
dream of any teenager but in such a
world people would be able to sit in
their homes and robots would do all the
dirty work for them the reality around
us would literally become grey and
lifeless we've already seen a similar
outcome in some films and cartoons and
we don't want to bring back a lot pain
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life